README.md, before:

# 📦 Dropbox Clone – Landing Page  

A sleek and representive **Dropbox-inspired landing page** built with **React**, **Tailwind CSS**, and **GSAP, Framer motion animations**.  
This project recreates the modern Dropbox feel with smooth transitions, animated text, and integrated autoplay videos — perfect for practicing front-end development and animation skills.  

## ✨ Features  
- ⚡ **React + Vite** for a fast development experience  
- 🎨 **Tailwind CSS** for clean, responsive styling  
- 🎞 **GSAP animations** for smooth, modern UI transitions  
- 📹 Autoplay video integration for a dynamic look  

## 🛠️ Tech Stack  
- **React**  
- **Tailwind CSS**
- **Framer motion** 
- **GSAP**  
- **JavaScript (ES6+)**  

## 📥 Installation  

### 1. Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/dropbox-clone.git

### 2. Navigate to the project folder
cd Box-is-dropin-Dropbox-Clone-

### 3. Install dependencies
npm install

### 4. Start development server
npm run dev
```bash this is my read me file

Commit message:

Update README with website link
Added a link to the website in the README.

README.md, after:

# 📦 Dropbox Clone – Landing Page  

A sleek and representive **Dropbox-inspired landing page** built with **React**, **Tailwind CSS**, and **GSAP, Framer motion animations**.  
This project recreates the modern Dropbox feel with smooth transitions, animated text, and integrated autoplay videos — perfect for practicing front-end development and animation skills.  

## ✨ Features  
- ⚡ **React + Vite** for a fast development experience  
- 🎨 **Tailwind CSS** for clean, responsive styling  
- 🎞 **GSAP animations** for smooth, modern UI transitions  
- 📹 Autoplay video integration for a dynamic look  

## 🛠️ Tech Stack  
- **React**  
- **Tailwind CSS**
- **Framer motion** 
- **GSAP**  
- **JavaScript (ES6+)**

## You can check my website through this link:
https://dropbox-owqi.onrender.com/

## 📥 Installation  

### 1. Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/dropbox-clone.git

### 2. Navigate to the project folder
cd Box-is-dropin-Dropbox-Clone-

### 3. Install dependencies
npm install

### 4. Start development server
npm run dev
```bash this is my read me file
